c:\users\mmoatamedi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Server.deps.json
c:\users\mmoatamedi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Server.runtimeconfig.json
c:\users\mmoatamedi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Server.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\users\mmoatamedi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Server.dll
c:\users\mmoatamedi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Server.pdb
c:\users\mmoatamedi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Server.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mmoatamedi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Server.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\mmoatamedi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Server.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\users\mmoatamedi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Server.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\mmoatamedi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Server.dll
c:\users\mmoatamedi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Server.pdb
C:\Users\mmoatamedi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Commen.dll
C:\Users\mmoatamedi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Models.dll
C:\Users\mmoatamedi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Services.dll
C:\Users\mmoatamedi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Services.pdb
C:\Users\mmoatamedi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Commen.pdb
C:\Users\mmoatamedi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Models.pdb
C:\Users\mmoatamedi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Server.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\mmoatamedi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\appsettings.json
C:\Users\mmoatamedi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\proc.json
C:\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\appsettings.json
C:\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\proc.json
C:\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Server.deps.json
C:\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Server.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Server.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Server.dll
C:\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Server.pdb
C:\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Commen.dll
C:\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Models.dll
C:\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Services.dll
C:\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Services.pdb
C:\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Commen.pdb
C:\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Models.pdb
C:\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Server.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Server.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Server.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Server.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Server.dll
C:\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Server.pdb
C:\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Server.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Projects\Omran.Sama\Omran.Sama.Server\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Omran.Sama.Server.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
